Update README.md (#23)
Shopify/shopify_cli: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Shopify/shopify_api_console.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Shopify/shopify_api_console)

## ⚠️ Important:

> * As of August 2021, this gem is no longer maintained. Feel free to fork this repo if you want to make modifications to it.

Reviewer: I think we should also archive the repo so it's read-only:

```suggestion
* As of August 2021, this gem is no longer maintained and the repository has been archived. You can still fork this repo if you want to make modifications to it.
```
